update use-case-design.rst (#45)
McSinyx/ipppi: source/solution/use-case-design.rst

Basic Flow
''''''''''

.. uml::

   skinparam defaultFontColor #a80036
   autonumber "#:"
   autoactivate on
   hide footbox

   actor Contributor
   participant LoginForm
   participant Security as S
   participant LoginController
   participant AccountDBManager as D
   participant AccountData
   participant Account

   activate Contributor
   Contributor -> LoginForm: start logging in()
   LoginForm -> LoginForm: prompt for authentication information()
   deactivate LoginForm
   deactivate LoginForm
   Contributor -> LoginForm: enter(authentication information)   
   LoginForm -> LoginForm: check empty field()
   deactivate LoginForm
   LoginForm -> S: send data for encapsulate()
   deactivate LoginForm
   S -> Account: create()
   deactivate Account
   S -> D: send account to verify(account)
   deactivate S
   D -> AccountData: verify(account information)
   deactivate AccountData
   D -> LoginController: allowlogin(account)
   deactivate D
   LoginController -> LoginForm: initate login(account)
   deactivate LoginController
   deactivate LoginForm

View of Participating Classes
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. uml::

   skinparam defaultFontColor #a80036

>    class Account {
>      username
>      password
>      getUsername()
>      getPassword()
>    }
> 
>    class LoginForm extends Security {
>       usernamefield
>       passwordfield
>       start logging in()
>       prompt for authentication information()
>       enter(authentication information)
>       checkempty(usernamefield,passwordfield)
>       send(authentication information)
>    }
>    interface ISecurity <<interface>> {
>       createAccount(username,password)
>       send(Account)  
>    }
>    class Security <<subsystem proxy>> extends ISecurity {
>       createAccount(username,password)
>       send(Account)
>    }
>    class AccountDBManager {
>       getConnection()
>       createQuery()
>       verify(Account.username,Account.password)
>       send(database information)
>    }
>    class LoginController extends AccountDBManager {
>        initiate login(database information)
>    }
> 
>    class AccountData {
>        username
>        password
>        isMaintainer
>        receiveVerification(Query)
>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   class Account {
     username
     password
     create()
   }

   class LoginForm extends Security {
      usernamefield
      passwordfield
      start logging in()
      prompt for authentication information()
      enter(authentication information)
      checkempty(usernamefield,passwordfield)
      initate login(account)
   }
   interface ISecurity <<interface>> {
      createAccount(username,password)
      send data for encapsulate()  
   }
   class Security <<subsystem proxy>> extends ISecurity {
      createAccount(username,password)
      send data for encapsulate()
   }
   class AccountDBManager {
      getConnection()
      send account to verify(account)
   }
   class LoginController extends AccountDBManager {
       allowlogin(account)
   }

   class AccountData {
       username
       password
       isMaintainer
       verify(account information)
   }
```

Login
^^^^^

Interaction Diagrams
""""""""""""""""""""

Basic Flow
''''''''''

.. uml::

   skinparam defaultFontColor #a80036
   autonumber "#:"
   autoactivate on
   hide footbox

   actor Contributor
   boundary LoginForm
   participant Security as S
   control LoginController
   participant AccountDBManager as D
   entity AccountData
   entity Account

   Contributor -> LoginForm: start logging in()
   LoginForm -> LoginForm: prompt for authentication information()
   Contributor -> LoginForm: enter(authentication information)   
   LoginForm -> LoginForm: Check empty field()
   LoginForm -> S: Send data for encapsulate()
   S -> Account: Create()

>    S -> D: Send account to verify(account)
>    D -> AccountData: verify(account information)
>    D -> LoginController: allowlogin(account)
>    LoginController -> LoginForm: initate login(account) 
> 
> View of Participating Classes
> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> 
> .. uml::
> 
>    skinparam defaultFontColor #a80036
>    
>    class Account {
>      username
>      password
>      getUsername()
>      getPassword()
>    }
> 
>    class LoginForm extends Security {
>       usernamefield
>       passwordfield
>       start logging in()
>       prompt for authentication information()
>       enter(authentication information)
>       checkempty(usernamefield,passwordfield)
>       send(authentication information)
>    }
>    class ISecurity <<interface>> {
>       createAccount(username,password)
>       send(Account)  
>    }
>    class Security <<subsystem proxy>> extends ISecurity {
>       createAccount(username,password)
>       send(Account)
>    }
>    class AccountDBManager {
>       getConnection()
>       createQuery()
>       verify(Account.username,Account.password)
>       send(database information)
>    }
>    class LoginController extends AccountDBManager {
>        initiate login(database information)
>    }
>    
>    class AccountData {
>        username
>        password
>        isMaintainer
>        receiveVerification(Query)
>    }
> 
>    LoginForm "0..*" -- "1" LoginController
>    LoginController "1" -- "1" AccountData
>    Security -> Account
>    Security "1" -- "1" AccountDBManager
> 
> 
> Propose Package Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interaction Diagrams
""""""""""""""""""""

Basic Flow
''''''''''

.. uml::

   skinparam defaultFontColor #a80036
   autonumber "#:"
   autoactivate on
   hide footbox

   actor Contributor
   participant LoginForm
   participant Security as S
   participant LoginController
   participant AccountDBManager as D
   participant AccountData
   participant Account

   activate Contributor
   Contributor -> LoginForm: start logging in()
   LoginForm -> LoginForm: prompt for authentication information()
   deactivate LoginForm
   deactivate LoginForm
   Contributor -> LoginForm: enter(authentication information)   
   LoginForm -> LoginForm: check empty field()
   deactivate LoginForm
   LoginForm -> S: send data for encapsulate()
   deactivate LoginForm
   S -> Account: create()
   deactivate Account
   S -> D: send account to verify(account)
   deactivate S
   D -> AccountData: verify(account information)
   deactivate AccountData
   D -> LoginController: allowlogin(account)
   deactivate D
   LoginController -> LoginForm: initate login(account)
   deactivate LoginController
   deactivate LoginForm

View of Participating Classes
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. uml::

   skinparam defaultFontColor #a80036

   class Account {
     username
     password
     getUsername()
     getPassword()
   }

   class LoginForm extends Security {
      usernamefield
      passwordfield
      start logging in()
      prompt for authentication information()
      enter(authentication information)
      checkempty(usernamefield,passwordfield)
      send(authentication information)
   }
   interface ISecurity <<interface>> {
      createAccount(username,password)
      send(Account)  
   }
   class Security <<subsystem proxy>> extends ISecurity {
      createAccount(username,password)
      send(Account)
   }
   class AccountDBManager {
      getConnection()
      createQuery()
      verify(Account.username,Account.password)
      send(database information)
   }
   class LoginController extends AccountDBManager {
       initiate login(database information)
   }

   class AccountData {
       username
       password
       isMaintainer
       receiveVerification(Query)
   }

   LoginForm "0..*" -- "1" LoginController
   LoginController "1" -- "1" AccountData
   Security -> Account
   Security "1" -- "1" AccountDBManager
   AccountDBManager -> AccountData

Propose Package Update
```
